Add PostgreSQL space requirement in prerequisites (#3357)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_upgrading-prerequisites.adoc

* Ensure that you have sufficient storage space on your server.
For more information, see {InstallingServerDocURL}Preparing_your_Environment_for_Installation_{project-context}[Preparing your Environment for Installation] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_ and {InstallingSmartProxyDocURL}preparing-environment-for-capsule-installation[Preparing your Environment for Installation] in _Installing {SmartProxyServer}_.
ifndef::foreman-deb[]

> * Ensure that you have at least the same amount of free space as that consumed by `/var/lib/pgsql/data`.

Reviewer: The attribute is useful here too, actually:
```suggestion
* Ensure that you have at least the same amount of free space as that consumed by `{postgresql-lib-dir}/data`.
```

Reviewer 2: There's `postgresql-data-dir` for `{postgresql-lib-dir}/data` already. If you want to be explicit, you could even write
```suggestion
* Ensure that you have at least the same amount of free space on `{postgresql-lib-dir}` as that consumed by `{postgresql-data-dir}`.
```

Otherwise people could check for free space on `/` while they have a `/var/lib/pgsql` partition.

Upgrading to {Project} {ProjectVersion} involves a PostgreSQL 12 to PostgreSQL 13 upgrade.

> The contents of `{postgresql-lib-dir}` are backed up during the PostgreSQL upgrade. 

Reviewer 2: I think technically it backs up the data dir, not the lib dir. That's which is why you need the same amount of space as the data dir.
```suggestion
The contents of `{postgresql-data-dir}` are backed up during the PostgreSQL upgrade. 
```

* Ensure that you have sufficient storage space on your server.
For more information, see {InstallingServerDocURL}Preparing_your_Environment_for_Installation_{project-context}[Preparing your Environment for Installation] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_ and {InstallingSmartProxyDocURL}preparing-environment-for-capsule-installation[Preparing your Environment for Installation] in _Installing {SmartProxyServer}_.

> * Ensure that you have at least the same amount of free space as that consumed by `/var/lib/pgsql/data` for PostgreSQL upgrade.

Reviewer 2: This should be RPM-only and use the attribute we already have
```suggestion
ifndef::foreman-deb[]
* Ensure that you have at least the same amount of free space as that consumed by `{postgresql-data-dir}` for PostgreSQL upgrade.
endif::[]
```

Reviewer 3: @ekohl hi, Instead of saying "some amount of free space" can we provide any rough estimate about the required free space?  Like if the existing size of /var/lib/pgsql/data is 15G then you need at least XX G free on the partition. As some customers have dedicated partition for /var/lib/pgsql/ .

Reviewer 2: @ahumbe it's the same amount because it's literally copied to a backup location, so in your example it'd be at least 15G free.

We have implemented this in a technical check as well: our installer hook checks exactly that in https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-installer/blob/67702be227056c29bbe9e34089009d69bb3a6758/hooks/boot/06-postgresql-upgrade-extensions.rb#L67-L81 and foreman_maintain has it in https://github.com/theforeman/foreman_maintain/blob/master/definitions/checks/disk/available_space_postgresql13.rb.

Now that I read that, I see it uses `/var/lib/pgsql` for the checks so it should be:
```suggestion
ifndef::foreman-deb[]
* Ensure that you have at least the same amount of free space as that consumed by `{postgresql-lib-dir}` for PostgreSQL upgrade.
endif::[]
```

* Ensure that you have sufficient storage space on your server.
For more information, see {InstallingServerDocURL}Preparing_your_Environment_for_Installation_{project-context}[Preparing your Environment for Installation] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_ and {InstallingSmartProxyDocURL}preparing-environment-for-capsule-installation[Preparing your Environment for Installation] in _Installing {SmartProxyServer}_.

> * Ensure that you have at least the same amount of free space as that consumed by `/var/lib/pgsql/data` for PostgreSQL upgrade.

Reviewer: To avoid repeating "PostgreSQL upgrade" more than necessary:
```suggestion
* Ensure that you have at least the same amount of free space as that consumed by `/var/lib/pgsql/data`.
```

> The upgrade involves PostgreSQL 12 to PostgreSQL 13 upgrade.

Reviewer: On this line, you are talking about two different upgrades: Project and PostgreSQL. I recommend to specify each of them to prevent confusion. This would be one way to do it:
```suggestion
Upgrading to {Project} {ProjectVersion} involves a PostgreSQL 12 to PostgreSQL 13 upgrade.
```

> The existing postgreSQL data is backed up during the PostgreSQL upgrade. 

Reviewer: At the very least, capitalization:
```suggestion
The existing PostgreSQL data is backed up during the PostgreSQL upgrade. 
```
But perhaps also use consistent terminology when referring to the data directory to help users connect the dots more easily:
```suggestion
The contents of `/var/lib/pgsql/data` is backed up during the PostgreSQL upgrade. 
```

> * Ensure that you have at least the same amount of free space as that consumed by `/var/lib/pgsql/data`.
> Upgrading to {Project} {ProjectVersion} involves a PostgreSQL 12 to PostgreSQL 13 upgrade.
> The contents of `/var/lib/pgsql/data` is backed up during the PostgreSQL upgrade. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
ifndef::foreman-deb[]
* Ensure that you have at least the same amount of free space as that consumed by `/var/lib/pgsql/data`.
Upgrading to {Project} {ProjectVersion} involves a PostgreSQL 12 to PostgreSQL 13 upgrade.
The contents of `{postgresql-lib-dir}` is backed up during the PostgreSQL upgrade.
endif::[]
```
As requested by Ewoud.
